Fix: clarify that security team is made of the community (#23695)
cilium-team/cilium: SECURITY.md

our private security mailing list: security@cilium.io - first, before
disclosing them in any public forums.

> This is a private mailing list where community members from the project
> across multiple organization are subscribed to, and is treated as top priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a private mailing list where community members from the project security team (from 
across multiple organizations) are subscribed, and is treated as top priority.
```
